All the projects are in Swift language unless specified or mentioned. This repository will contain all the iOS applications that I am currently working on under my Udemy course with Devslopes.

Miracle Pill :- Created a basic universal iOS application which shows the basic functionality of autolayout, button, picker view, label, text box and image view. Added a feature in which keyboard will disappear when a user touches on screen and alert will show up when all/one of the text fields are kept empty. But there is one problem if the screen size is 4.7 inch then whole screen will not display. When "Buy Now" button is clicked the whole view will be hidden and an image view which mentions successful will be displayed.

Page The Scroll :- This application shows the functionality of using scroll view in an application. 

Stackatada-Stack:- This appication shows the functionality of using stack view in an application. In the application only static view was used and no actions are perfomed in that application.

Swapping Screen:- This application shows the functionality of using segues programtically and through dragging from one screenn to another screen. In programtically we need to pass the correct identifier name due to that application will not crash. Added a feature in which keyboard will disappear when a user touches on screen or on retrun key in keyboard and alert will show up when all/one of the text fields are kept empty.

Retro Calculator:- This is a basic calculator application in which stack view and auto layout constraints both were used. Launch screen feature was used in this application which shows up for around one second when the application is launched. Added a clear button later on so we can erase the result and start a new calculation. When you click on equal button, the clear button get visible and as soon as clear button is pressed or clicked it will be hidden again and on that place zero button will be visible.

Party Rock App:- This applications shows the basic functionality of using table view and web view. The static videos url, title and images are used and it is displayed in next screen in a web view. As soon as we click on the table cell it will perform a segue to another screen which shows the particular video being played on web view. As it is basic app the html, css and javascript are not used so the video displayed will not be as per the screen resolution.

Rainy Shiny Cloudy App:- A simple weather application that fetches current location weather coordinates by using third party libraries and API. In this app cocoa pods were used to install the Alamofire libraries which is swift HTTP networking libraries to display the data from th Open Weather API. The data was JSON parsed and core location libraries were used to display the current location weather information. 

Beacon Demo App:- A simple beacon application that shows how far is the beacon from device using core location. As soon as the device is nearby the beacon, the beacon will start boradcasting the UUID, major and minor number. The result will show how far is the beacon from device and boradcast the major and minor number with rssi value.

Push Notification Demo App:- Created a simple push notification application which shows the functionality of push notification using Firebase to send the message to the device. First it will notify whether to allow notification on that device or not and when we send the message from Firebase, the notification will pop up in notification center and as you touch the notification, the application will open up.

Focus Swift Challenge:- Created an application which contain a list of basketball players using core data. Initially when the screen loads the table view will be empty, there will be an add button on the top right, on clicking it will take to another view controller to add player name, country, height, weight and age, country will be selected by using picker view and can select from defined countries only. When save button is clicked it will save the data and will take to initial view controller where it will show player name, country and age. On clicking that particular cell, it will take to another view controller which will display detail of that player that have entered. There is a delete button, to delete the player information and edit button to edit the player information.

Firebase Database Example:- Created a simple firebase application that will save and retrieve data from firebase and will display on table view. The artist name and genre was given as an input from text field and on clicking the add artist button, the data will get stored on firebase database. When the tableview reloads it will display the saved data from firebase in the table view on the screen.

Jokes App:- Created a Chuck Norris Joke application which displays all the Chuck Norris Jokes from the api. Added a share button to share jokes on different applications like Facebook Messenger, Text Message, WhatsApp and many more. Added a splash screen which will  get displayed for 3 seconds as soon as the app starts.